[Music]
to provide you with an amazing challenge
experience therefore a portion of orders
placed during June 13th may be
experiencing an unexpected delay from
the original shipping sector net provide
in order to inform HR hey what is up
guys is Queenie Bay Virginia and I'm
back with another video today it can be
kind of like a rant slash business
review not this it's like clothing store
review mostly about their customer
service matter what the clothing and
your whole separate video just about the
clothing itself but this is just about
the customer service in my experience
that I've had orders from that because I
think it's important that someone who's
not sponsored like me talks about the
crus with brand so people aren't fooled
by those people who are paid want to say
good things and to the companies and
make sure some of the sponsors doesn't
have a bad experience so we're not ready
to the nipple what the avid everyday is
anyway word on an all-nighter is
possibly well like the everyday customer
time experience they're gonna have
regular people people who are just
shopping randomly basic everyday like I
live in like a city like I'm Jill normal
life things are cool yeah like eat you
know okay so I decided to order from
them and boy yeah boy yeah boy my
experience was not anything like that it
is good it wasn't even somewhat good it
means I'll get into it okay but I don't
know here instead of a company I'm
talking about fashion Nova which is
pretty much everywhere all over social
media which is what every single
celebrity has talked about it I mean
Jordan was I think Kylie Jenner's best
friend Kylie Jenner wears it literally
every single female youtuber has a hole
called fashion overhaul like all of them
all of them have one or let everything
Instagram famous person
so yeah it's pretty much an unavoidable
thing that's all over social media apps
I decided hey I'm going to test it out
and I'm going to order and see what
happens
cuz I genuinely like the closing Hilah
cooking was pretty nice and the prices
were fairly good and they're having an
immoral they sale clubs like 30% off RT
to thing but I'm not on the top like
sure why not
so yeah I'm gonna talk about my whole
experience but let's just get into it
and not do it out anymore
yeah yeah yeah okay so I already talked
to my experience right from the
beginning from the day I ordered what
day it showed up on my house and let me
tell you let me tell you that your time
is not a fun time and I was generally
trying to get worried because I'm like
did I really just have skin anyways so
let's go back almost exactly a month ago
is when this began May 28th I needed
some new clothes
because I haven't bought any clothes
pretty much since Black Friday and
someone's here I just finished school
and like underneath close to summer and
school for school for work and clothing
that's nice for work as well so I went
to fashion oh no I can't be say I want a
fashion it was web site they were having
a Memorial Day 30% off everything sale
so like even better things are on sale
so my mom did purchase all beef only
because she buys me clothes it's in
large amounts for like long periods of
time and if I want to more expensive
that's like a special thing like was an
icy brand or you know what I mean those
kind of things then I'll pay the result
but now that matters I was going to give
that back
okay so all that's go pretty much
students dropping sell things on the
website and I'll see those MELAS about
everything that I ordered and pictures
not that it matters that much again
we'll try and haul and then put my cart
and there's a third with the house and
the whole order came to exactly let me
pull up the exact break so the more I
came to a total of 97 81 USD and I saved
41 and 91 and USD as well which is
amazing price I got 13 things for under
100 US dollars like that does not happen
anywhere so like wow this started off
great like I'm getting so many things
they're all good I got
two pairs of pants and some ice tops and
everything and I'm like this is great
like I love fashion oh well at these
prices like each shirt were like 597
like 497 like 397 like 397 797 they were
really good prices that I thought were
like had to be good like but we all know
things are too Bingley to family are so
Aaron whatever got the confirmation o26
rest of the day I place the order so got
the confirmation whatever your turn in
place will notify you internship
everything normal okay
then on the 28th I get an email saying
that my order has been shipped and
that's the start signal from the 29th of
the place was a Sunday the plane is
gonna be shipped in like a cool whatever
like yeah I'm getting all the clothing
okay everything's good no problems yet
and then I get another email that I was
kind of like what going on on May 30 at
Fashion over-order refinement and gift
card receipt which was my own face now
your card receipt so it looks like two
of the items it says a gift credit and
delivered for the following items before
this I had never received any
notification saying these things were on
a stop on the website
sometimes two things are out of stock or
so there's one last version like that
but the items that I purchased these
ones were fully enough to have any
notification saying like there's a few
they were limited or will let you know
what when they're available kind of
thing so I purchased them because they
went on a cart and I paid for them and
it's like if something that's out is
stuff don't you think you would know
before someone paid for it and it's not
even that is the fact that it says like
refunded gift card this is me what the
website they don't give you back your
money
if something's not in stock they give
you a gift card to the website and all
the return policy originally is that
nothing is returned returnable you get
store credit which I understood or not
okay with losing for that expense anyway
but if I never received an item and it
gave me a gift card does that even make
sense like it's not my fault out of
stock and I had to pay for it and I
didn't know if I was lost I knew that I
would not purchase it don't can begin
right give me my my back like you want I
mean I'm hoping you guys agree with me
because this made sense to me and I
just crazy like crazy bitch okay so that
was that and the geek regulars for 11 16
USC which flow them that much
I was looking with this vigil explained
to order from them again anyways because
if this was going to be good experience
only $11 like a website whatever like it
feel like I don't care 116 whatever okay
so then a few days neither two days I
think about a week goes like a Belson on
May 30 okay timeline Morgan makes 26
28th shipping notifications when I do
ship 30 days got investigation saying
the thing wasn't available okay so now
let's go to the shipping page so when it
first shift you get a tracking number
and even now when I click on tractor
shipment it takes you to a website now
this website says on the 28th data
receive a shipment and transmitted and
10-6 and then Joe June first as personal
receipt and Elgin surf so it's not that
much farther after the day of shift then
same day 'if out uploaded on the first
still same day process order process
ready for USPS and then still the same
day parcel ship and then I got I'm not
enough patient on the same day June 1st
in transit to UPS Canada tracking number
so then I'm like okay let's check it and
the thing about this not really in terms
of treating me was that when I got some
vacations I check back almost every few
days just to see the progress and then I
stopped checking for a while because
like I didn't want to be checking out
cuz was a point I know against should
over the Safety's long time but on their
website they list five to seven business
days I realized this is just a
guesstimate and this isn't like a gift
but like classes seven days is a very
short amount of time compared to what it
actually turns out to be so that
happened and I checked a like notation
and stuff like that and then it gets
more weird because about a week and a
half past legal find exactly now then on
June 9th
about almost exactly two weeks since I
ordered it
and I was like oh it's still not comment
that's where I was let me check
information and I'm the same information
I just showed you about the stuff that
was June 1st and whatever hadn't updated
and this is nine days eight days after
that was originally placed so I'm like
what's going on like what's happening
right now and then I go to UPS tracking
order process ready for us UPS scheduled
delivery unavailable unavailable those
sensitive service and where is going and
the weight and it still said like will
read it unavailable and I'm like what's
going on like what what's not than any
right now I can't understand so that I
email UPS because I'm thinking oh maybe
the track information was a crack like
maybe what's happening so I'm just email
UCS and see what they say
so here's my GPS said because I
basically said to them like I don't know
there was only milk it was like almost
web police all those things I basically
said like my package shipped while go
when you up his head dropped the
information on bail but iPhone or
packages because it was January Korea
because it like the order stuff will
want it when they say steer w thank you
for contacting us understand I appointed
you to determine the current status of
shipment our records indicate that bill
information received from the tracking
number on the sixth of no first of June
item is not sure that this path was
physically picked up from the shippers
location okay
the order for all three pcs trafficking
indicates that UPS have received a
laconic transmission of package data
from the shipper
if it is confirmed that the bag was
picked up in the scheduled delivery date
for the shipment has now passed
please hundred shipper contents to have
to initiate further investigation case I
paid the xm8 email me back get so fast
it was less than an hour they responded
meet with that so I was like yo what's
going on now it's been two weeks
shipping agent has an updated and
there's something updated so then I
start going to their Instagram page
because this is when I start getting
like curious - curious as disposables
like experience for shipping in like
buying possession over
here's something they do that nobody
notices they delete their bad messages
I'll show examples here are some bad
comments that people have left in your
business attitude they donated them and
even I commented like saying about my
experience just go and see their
reaction to what they do and then it's
like email us and I did email them
before that and I was waiting for a
while so I just commented to see what
happened and see Ashley diddily
residence was raided I call me some of
that and they're like don't give anyone
no not ours it's an amazing we do we do
that and there's one other people who
have had terrible experience fashion of
us their SEP shows of ribs the stuff
shows up not what it's supposed to be
they never get their money back and
there's fighting along three times when
I start doing it we're really nervous
because if you start seeing because I
did do research with why purchasing them
and criticizing on the internet that
said bad things up them probably because
they made sure there is no bad things
left some on the internet like you don't
have twitter because they kick in your
comments like that so let me go how the
Twitter's they only have an Instagram
because they can turn off comments and
with them on Twitter it's one crazy
about a bad experience they can't read
it just works a lot reasons look
terrible and everything else okay
so that I'm like yo did I just get
scammed because like I'm not about that
way to what's going on like I need my
money back okay
and I guess I got a little bit humid
occur and I started the email and
session over let's just say I am open
quite a few son let me open up all these
thread okay so I just turned off this
thing I placed in order to receive
initial shipping you know over two weeks
ago and the tracking information is not
updated in two weeks
so let's know maybe they were my
packages either not doing I think I
spotted I do not want circuit it was
full refund
because they thought was what it can we
sort of it and like are you stupid like
you're getting me resources and every
box parties express my opinion on that
and then they responded hey NOLA babe
thanks for tuning fashion ova there are
some to excitedly new design website has
it's overwhelming our Terms blah blah
blah random information basement turns
volume you can generally get
plot except 2001 businesses emails I
responded oryx's of what they are
received while blah blah okay so this is
random information basically they send
you an email telling you that they
received your emails and not to even to
continue speaking with them you have to
respond to the email like it's an
automated email and this is the thing
they purposely hide the fact that you
have to do this
like it's not blatant like please reply
to this so we will keep talking to you
it's like a bunch of random ation that
people of course aren't gonna read it
says please apply to this or we won't
respond to basically some people are
waiting through make sure the message is
because they don't know that it's
actually in line I mean like look that
okay and I saw that interested we're
talking with that so I messaged him
again after that and then they were like
how much was involved with him yeah so I
got that one and then I got a second
ransom in the same day I may be a
multiple automated email so they've got
these to it right off each other and
this is ridic honest instead of good
thing he knows a sentient section of it
you probably double the fascist cover
service ever
alas this is an automated message
selecting I mean received it you know
can't wait to answer it please let me
all screaming automated email to tell me
that you're not those deaf reservists
are you shading yourself because I think
you're getting a pretty good job of the
game and then I email again because I'm
like what's just happened like what
Mohammed emails I'm like hi I place an
order on May 26 for a company and it
said it shipped on the 29th and is in
over two weeks and the website claims
ascribe summoned a shipping I contact my
carrier and this is have not ever
received a package I like to know
immediately where my package is and when
all they're receiving it the tracking is
not updated over seven days I'm very
upset and if this does not get rid of a
plan not to order from here ever again
it will be sure to speak about my
experience
okay I just threw down a little bit I
did a little he didn't I'm like I'm
gonna explode being said I'm going to
expose you bitches because you better
get in line
not that I am anyone this is just me
being so I thought that everyone even if
I was just like you know okay so that
happened so that went after well I kept
saying that email but I kept getting
automated emails half these early
important there's much automated email I
basically spam them a ton of times I
always put a screen of all the messages
I sent them to get and how many I sent
because I want to make sure they got
message like I need my stuff so I send
of another message hoping they respond
softer because that one took too long
I'm willing to bet you get it not easy
and like I'm patient okay so that I said
I'm waiting on a passage that has yet to
arrive and claim to the bin ship but the
shipping information up up in over at
nine days and I thought it was no good
now local service and they have never
received it and I said another thing
that order is blatantly I would refund
as soon as all the items are not shipped
the tunic and read marks will top where
it was listed that to the items I
purchased first dog and but I receive an
email tender no longer available after
it already paid them does not make sense
only issues sir credit if I've never
received the item as it's my fault that
he's ever sold out and non-stop and I
was not notified in solution so finally
I get response due dummy
hey well please a lot of seven ten
business days for the amount to post to
your account although I'm all three
forms are completed process by the bank
open to is update I haven't checked yet
so I don't know if that's true or not
please know that the whole place on the
funds is your financial institution
whatever thing you're shopping with
Sasha no blah blah blah blah yeah and
then pretty much start copying takes me
st. messages just so I can get as ready
up to them take my thing and give me
back my fucking money
let me like through that the earth
series apologies for the APB and while
the estimated time frame for
international shipping is citizen days
some packages can take up to 30 days if
any on customs
so why do you list on your app site five
to seven days if you have Vanessa Mason
of up to 30 days and customs and I know
that I want control customs but I put up
the false idea that it's five to seven
days at least eight expensive and dates
as many hundred customs in brackets so
that it's like they're not lying they're
being realistic or even five to thirteen
in class to fifteen days you have
recommendations don't support this in
two days not other than you profit our
neighborhood huh have another session on
that new SPS along have control over how
well customs theme fits all the factors
additionally some countries applied
tears up the package except there this
is just check with your local post
whatever whatever they sit cleat so I
stopped emailing in and after that
because I'm like how many times because
I keep emailing them like how many times
could you email them okay but then it
does result later how about a finish
later I'm like let's just see what
happens next week aha no a Melvin again
because you know what happened again
another one of my items weren't
available I get another email saying
item that you have purchased is not
available two weeks after I ordered they
send me by the to almost two and a half
weeks after the order was placed and get
an obfuscation saying the items not a
sample two weeks 14 days after I placed
the order they tell me hey the senior
order isn't available well you're going
to wait to tell you that the latest time
possible like are you serious you're
kidding me like you're kidding me like
you're not serious that like two weeks
out their place Norbit you just realize
that's long enough and I realize either
they're scanning me or something really
fucking cheese
on here like this shifty stuff then I
start spamming them again and then I'm
like plays in order to receive initial
shipping email over two weeks ago
tracking your not updated to that lets
know immediately what my thing is same
thing evil understand and email them
great I'm not going to read all this
I'll put the screenshot simple is just
too much creative this is the one that
was really angry I cannot believe this
is the second time two weeks estimating
order ship and receiving another email
that more of my items in order not
available and that is being sent to give
correct first of all in order with
Klinsmann shipped over two weeks ago and
our expected coming to realize that an
item customer order wasn't available
when it was so cold shipped two weeks
ago so now I'm beginning to believe that
it was never sad at all definitely you
claim that the other items responded me
when it was available when it sent me a
different so I expect the your attention
I'll pop to be refunded as well I do not
want to get friends to it in our plan to
shop from the company gets AB this
terribly lengthy and difficult
experience thirdly my lapis emails that
you would be making sure the rezidentura
go smoothly but this is unreadable
I said allusion to these issues and
that's a remainder this order post makes
me think on accession of I do see that
order number blank was refunded for
these three item like gift cards with
issue for you kind regards Glee and then
I basically sent and like angry letters
I do not want a gift card
I was triggered to somatics like twos a
mess if it I demand a refund I never
received items and I are taking my money
and forced me to accept a gift card do
not want a refund to my original form of
payment is expected because like gift
cards what would I want to show from you
and win three weeks did you get the
liquor company Games Live email blast a
while and then they basically resolved
with them saying that's been in the
refund me so whatever okay that was one
part of TT email so on ok now let's go
back to the email I dot this is enough
now is very triggering about the
experience kick
okay the same day was able to guaran the
reason I start sending them was because
that day on June noise I got another
email saying your order has just shipped
June 9th which is 2/3 of this order and
I got a shipping operation they send me
another one thing or has this shipped
two more weeks after the original
branches the order has just assumed two
weeks and I'm like you're joking right
Wow Wow
what do you mean two weeks Esther's my
orders just shipped one day is
confirmation three days like three days
after order that I checked in fisted
actually like there's something wrong
with your system because that's annoying
this one customer expects them to come
of course really looking out for
anything expecting it Anna goes wrong
James big problem if they never send in
that shipping confirmation
I wouldn't think anything of it although
I think after two weeks s and I not
shipping off a good Afghan but at least
then I would have a expectation that
have coming I come soon but for two
weeks later you send me another
confirmation favorite order shipped is
triggering so then I'm like you're
joking so I went through this tracking
information okay and then this one on
June 12 is like person receives you file
uploaded order process ready for you P
USPS same twelve and transits USC UPS
Canada and that was on June 12 so then
on June 16th the items finally show up
to my house and I guess in and the
clothing part is a different story this
would just open customer service and the
things I do I see another customer
service is one another I mean is not i
stammering I know what would happen if I
didn't know that they didn't respond to
emails quickly they're like someone
email who knows I may have spoken I'm
waiting but as far as people experiences
their company cousin service is not no
one to be good at all or helpful and
that similar thing they do or a bit
shady and shifty because um gift cards
no refunds are recent
money is money you don't take people's
money like that yeah that's people money
they lost some really even back
different like I don't like that much
around people like companies I like
don't get mad cuz language that's risky
to me and you want to online things say
we don't have refund as like that I
immediately get like turned off from it
because an online company who doesn't
success my sons I think no you haven't
had it out so that's just my opinion
overall my parents was helped to put it
the shortest I'm not planning a company
no it's not like that I'm really talking
about my personal experience is really
factual I showed you the proof of
everything outside
everything has ads on the screen like
you've seen it look I'm not lying not to
company with businesses you need to tell
you about my friends who fashion over
that there's nobody like you mean I'm a
champ because there's no bad experiences
on YouTube and I'm like wow a company
that's perfect too good feature and it
works so I'm here to tell you that it
isn't as good as you think it is and
that there are problems with it okay and
I usually aware when buying something
off of like those Instagram popular
companies that things can go wrong and
those people are paid to say good things
and basically guarantee does good
experiences so it's not fair or good to
base off what your expectations off
what's happening to them because I
promise you it most likely won't be like
that but yeah who is all I have for you
guys today I'm going to talk about the
public itself the smelter stuff or the
clothing
spoiler alert evil urge the custom
services shake and the whole experience
was shit the clothing actually is pretty
much spent a lot but that's for another
somewhere oh so hope you guys enjoyed
this a rant t-type video I did enjoy
Danielle was talking about a company
that people praised and basically
showing you is not going to think I
enjoyed this I'll expose it okay
oh god I'm becoming that person that's
not that mean like I think it's fun for
me to try out companies and I'll have a
bad experiences so you guys don't have
to soap is another Instagram company
that you guys like want me to order from
or buy something from
my last next time I've learned my lesson
owned by the West so if this lost money
isn't as much as their loss $100 for
just losing like $12 of course it's
still money but at least might be easy
to remake it kind of thing let me know
in comments what companies and I'll look
into them and I might start doing this
not directly because it's a triple and
hurts my head it makes me sad but yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this and I'll see
you in my next video I'm sorry this is
long appalling to say to the end I love
you keep smiling shining and remember
you don't need a cranberry loyalty bye
I don't really camp you cry duration
abhilasha the subtle way she will be my
eyes the baby I am not afraid to die
[Music]